will
coaching a team like
fortress
It is extremely gratifying and I am
you are always eternally grateful to
opportunity to work in a
fortress greatness club is a
passion of bercy I can say that it is a
passion that comes from conception
of life.
I was born dna fortress fan
My whole family is a fan of
fortress in love and since then
appeared very much in my
life
work in a team with the greatness of
with the line without representation that
has the strength not only in our region is
but also in other regions.
club to make 96 years with history
of 39 state titles a story
very beautiful in football and not only
but as in Brazilian football
is a club is part of the history of
our people 's football is a brand
very strong the fans are very
in love
are 96 years of many many victories
achievements
I even had 1,000 people in the stadium
encouraging them to support this is one of
reasons that drive us to seek each
again the victory put the fortress
deserves and has to work and I still
It's really missing, that's what I have.
today's pride to train the fortress
been here for ten months
over there
I'm just the fan who lives the
soccer very strongly the fortress
for me he influences the stadium
new
it influences my creation
Fortress your business wins're day
solved if you ask , it hinders the
understanding fortress is very deserving of
to come who knows a series to
as soon as possible for your story
I think summing up the steel tricolor
that's the way it is and steel is strong and
my conception that marks the strength is
exactly the background of the kids and a
club of race and tradition
I hope this year is all right and we will
you feel anxious and the time comes to
people to reach and access is
greater gift of the fortress not only
for him to every twisted board and
employees of the institution
all the happiness of the world ninety years
of glory club has that it can each
have more glories this year to
people give a gift that is the access
This is the desire not only mine but with all
I wish the team at the moment the
fortress or so dreamed of access
I think this would be the greatest gift
I wanted to wish a happy
birthday for this anniversary before
century in which it gave almost a
century has already given me 47 years of
joy that much passion and much
vibration of unforgettable moments
It's also a sad moment to have to talk.
this is not but but it is this fortress is a
almost cinematic team he has
a dramatic arc very strong in
strength nothing is easy nothing comes if the
drama to be a finale in the end
and for you, fortress has to have
really a heart from above the car
do not hang up
ae